One.
The Рouge on the Holiday
The procession tr locking down revolts in a secret circle,
echoing a wide
They've put so much into what they do and they shouldn't have.
Nothing!
A Vocise can't do anything!
This is a drop in the bucket...
We have no intention of dying
Jcento mōWhisel
It's easy to do things
It's a good laugh to go to America
Oh, the ship is leaving
Well then, have a good trip
Well then, I'll call you when I arrive in San Francisco
That's useless
Oh, tell me the time
Oh, hey, buy me a new tail for the next month
I'll be back on time
Yes, I'll buy it
I'll give you a diamond ring as a souvenir
Ha ha ha, don't forget it
Good bye
Oh, I've already forgotten
That's a lot
If you change magic, you change everything